Growth. Arms. Sticky. These were the keywords given to us in order to create a game in just 48 hours with only four team members. Gluttons for punishment that we are, we also only have one programmer who wanted to create his own engine for the game instead of using one like unity. 

The after a couple hours of brainstorming, the concept we came up with centred around Globby, the cute little sticky slime blob. 

Globby starts tiny, as small as an ant, and his world is just as contained. He can see objects much larger than him but, just as we tend to ignore ants as insignificant, they ignore him as insignificant. The bugs and insects that are the same size of Globby do interest him, however. He quickly learns that he can absorb what he comes across. Stones he absorbs to become stronger and resist attacks more easily. Flowers and life, he absorbs to grow in size and, sometimes, when he absorbs a living animal he gains the ability. At this stage in his life, Globby just wants to grow bigger in order to explore the world around him, outside of the hollowed earth he currently lives in.

After absorbing the ants and insects in his immediate area, Globby has grown enough to be able to climb out of his hollow. The hollow, he learns, is the tread of a foot print. Now, just as other animals considered him as insignificant, the ants he was so interested in are no longer interesting, the stones he absorbed are no more than tiny pebbles. Now, however, the animals that ignored him Globby finds interesting.  By absorbing frogs Globby acquires their ability to jump. The squirrels, with their long fluffy tails, allow Globby to form an arm that spins like a helicopter and lifts him from the ground to glide to hard to reach locations. And, as always, rocks and other living plants and animals allow Globby to grow larger.

This cycle continues and, slowly, subtly, Globby begins to change. He is no longer the adorably cute blob simply trying to make his way through his world, to become a vicious devouring blob. The game ends with the revelation that Globby was not simply just trying to live his life and make varying different arms from the abilities of other creatures. Instead, he was absorbing all the life first on the continent he lived on, then the entire planet until there is nothing left. 

But then, of course, Globby is big enough to move on to the next planet. Maybe even our own planet. 